Documentation for New/Get/Remove-CsHybridTelephoneNumber (#9604)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: teams/teams-ps/teams/Get-CsHybridTelephoneNumber.md

---
external help file: Microsoft.Open.Teams.CommonLibrary.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: MicrosoftTeams
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/teams/get-cshybridtelephonenumber
applicable: Microsoft Teams
author: jenstrier
ms.author: jenstr
ms.reviewer: 
manager:
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-CsHybridTelephoneNumber

## SYNOPSIS
This cmdlet displays information about one or more hybrid telephone numbers.

## SYNTAX

### Assignment (Default)
```powershell
Get-CsHybridTelephoneNumber [-TelephoneNumber <string>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
This cmdlet displays information about one or more hybrid telephone numbers used for Audio Conferencing with Direct Routing for GCC High and DoD clouds.

> Returned results are sorted by TelephoneNumber in ascending order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returned results are sorted by telephone number in ascending order.

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
Get-CsHybridTelephoneNumber -TelephoneNumber 14025551234
```
```output
Id              O365Region SourceType TargetType TelephoneNumber UserId
--              ---------- ---------- ---------- --------------- ------
14025551234 	NOAM       Hybrid                14025551234 	 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000
```
This example displays information about the phone number +1 (402) 555-1234.

### Example 2
```powershell
Get-CsHybridTelephoneNumber
```
```output
Id              O365Region SourceType TargetType TelephoneNumber UserId
--              ---------- ---------- ---------- --------------- ------
14025551234                Hybrid                14025551234
14025551235                Hybrid                14025551235
```

> This example displays information about all hybrid telephone phone numbers in the tenant. Note that O365Region, TargetType and UserId will not be populated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example displays information about all hybrid telephone numbers in the tenant. Note that O365Region, TargetType, and UserId will not be populated.

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

## PARAMETERS

### -TelephoneNumber

> Filters the returned results to a specific phone number. The number should be specified without a prefixed "+". The phone number can not have "tel:" prefixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filters the returned results to a specific phone number. The number should be specified without a prefixed "+". The phone number cannot have "tel:" prefixed.

```
